SCOTT VANDEHEY
Email: scott@spaceninja.com
Phone: 503 235 6022
Online Portfolio: www.spaceninja.com/port/

REFERENCES
Jill MacCartney
KCWU News Director
Cell: (360) 421-2014
kneeddough@yahoo.com

Shem Giles
PSU Novell SysAdmin, 
CNS-LCT Manager
Work: (503) 725-3255
giless@pdx.edu

Steve Havelka
Web Developer
Home: (503) 296-4960
ffake-steve@fojar.com

EXPERIENCE
WebCoach Internet Services Corp., 11/01 – Present
Web Developer
Worked closely with a programmer to design, develop, and test a complete suite of online registration programs. Responsible for the overall interface design and usability of each program. Coordinated directly with clients to customize products and deliver training. Job required adaptability, thoroughness, and long-term thinking.

ShirtWorks, Inc., 11/00 – 6/01
Graphic Artist
Produced camera-ready versions of customer-provided artwork for screen printing. Helped to develop and streamline the production process. Job required flexibility and speed while maintaining a high level of overall quality.

KCWU 88.1 FM, The ‘Burg, 4/01 – 6/01
News Producer
Prepared news broadcasts under the supervision of the News Director. Responsibilities included sound bite production, writing stories, and reading stories on air. Job required technical knowledge, confidence, and basic news-writing skills.

Presto Studios, 11/00
Contract Designer
Created a set of Windows desktop themes for the computer game Myst 3. Themes had to represent the feeling of the game, while retaining functionality on a wide variety of computers. At last count, the themes have been downloaded approximately 60,000 times, with an 83% approval rating from download.com.

Portland State University Technical Team, 8/99 – 8/00
Computer Technician
Maintained and supported the hardware and software in general access computer labs and classrooms. Required to solve any problem too complex for lab assistants. Job required a willingness to learn and strong problem-solving skills.
Portland State University Computer Lab, 3/98 – 8/99

Lab Attendant
Supported user base of 15,000 students on a wide variety of hardware and software platforms. Required to quickly identify problems and provide assistance. Job required patience, independence, and creative thinking

SKILLS
Advanced knowledge: HTML, CSS, PHP, SQL, graphics production, text-editor HTML production, Photoshop, Illustrator, Infini-D, Windows, Macintosh OS, Microsoft Office.
Working knowledge: Macromedia FreeHand, Flash, Quark Xpress, Adobe PageMaker.
Photography: 2 1/2 years total class work, experience with all aspects of black & white photography and production, as well as basic color photography.
Illustration: Pencil, ink brush, charcoal.  Trained in true-to-life illustration.
Public speaking and teamwork: Friendly and confident as a group member, team leader, or a public speaker.

EDUCATION
Portland State University, Portland, OR, Class of 2000
Bachelor of Science in Graphic Design
Grant High School, Portland, OR, Class of 1996
Interactive Science and Math program

OTHER
Personality: Easy-going, cheerful, and a quick learner. 
Enjoys: Sci-fi novels, downbeat techno music, and the occasional comic book
