SCOTT VANDEHEY

Front-End Web Developer
Email: scott@spaceninja.com
Phone: (971) 322-9388
Online Portfolio: http://spaceninja.com/port/
Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/in/scottvandehey

I am a CSS ninja working at Pop Art in Portland, Oregon, where I lead the production team. Between my education in graphic design and my experience working alongside programmers, I specialize in bridging the gap between design and development.


EXPERIENCE

Pop Art, Inc., 02/06 - Present
Front-End Web Developer
CSS and XHTML production of large-scale web sites. Work closely with designers and programmers, applying design comps to functionality. Advocate a web-standards approach to increase search engine optimization and accessibility. Working to promote blogging as a internal and external communication and promotional tool. Requires excellent communication skills, self-motivation and technical expertise.

LuxuryRealEstate.com, 03/05 - 07/05
Web Designer
Assisted in design and production of several large-scale luxury realty web sites. Primary duties included implementing design comps using modern, standards-compliant XHTML and CSS. Personally led efforts to implement weblog technology into standard design and hosting packages offered to clients. Job required creativity, speed, communication skills and initiative.

WebCoach Internet Services Corp., 11/01 - 12/04
Web Developer
Worked closely with and coordinated programmers to design, develop, and test a complete suite of online registration programs. Responsible for overall interface design and usability of each program. Interacted directly with clients to install and customize products, as well as deliver training. Job required adaptability, thoroughness, and long-term thinking.

Portland State University, 3/98 - 8/00
Computer Technician, Lab Attendant
Maintained and supported the hardware and software in general access computer labs and classrooms. Supported user base of 15,000 students on a wide variety of hardware and software platforms. Responsible for quickly identifying problems and providing assistance. Job required a willingness to learn and strong problem-solving skills.


SKILLS

Specialties: Web Standards, CSS, XHTML, Photoshop, Fireworks, Hand-Coding, Quality Assurance, Blogging.

Some Experience: PHP, SQL, Illustrator, Flash, Quark Xpress, PageMaker, Infini-D.

Photography: 2.5 years total class work, experience with all aspects of black & white photography and darkroom production, with an emphasis on layout and composition.

Public speaking and teamwork: Friendly, confident and effective as a group member, team leader, or a public speaker.


EDUCATION

Portland State University, Portland, OR, Class of 2000
Bachelor of Science in Graphic Design

Grant High School, Portland, OR, Class of 1996
Interactive Science and Math program


REFERENCES

Ben Waldron
Pop Art Chief Technology Officer
Work: (503) 417-8236
ben.waldron@pollinatemedia.com

Andrew Hay
Pop Art Director of Software Development
Mobile: (503) 758-3024
andrew.hay@popart.com

Mogenns Gilmour
WebCoach Owner
Mobile: (503) 956-5508
mogenns@webcoach.com

Jill MacCartney
KCWU News Director
Mobile: (503) 349-8684
kneeddough@yahoo.com


OTHER

Personality: Easy-going, cheerful, and a quick learner.

Enjoys: Sci-fi novels, downbeat techno music, and the occasional comic book