"We're all just fucked up monkeys." -Jora
"If I had a nickle for every time someone said 'hornswaggled' to me, I'd have about a quarter." -Ben Simko
"Actually, now if I had a nickle for every time someone said 'hornswaggled' to me, I'd have about two dollars." -Ben Simko
"No matter where you go, there you are." -Buckaroo Banzai
"I'm not really a big cabbage fan." -Kt Prew
"This town needs an enima!" -The Joker in "Batman"
"I don't have a charm anything, but I do have a can of government beef, so that makes me cool." -Ben Simko
"Whether they ever discover life there or not, I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet." -Jack Handey
"It's sad that a family has to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs." - Jack Handey
"The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw." - Jack Handey
"Fishing is an excellent way to relax and contemplate the beauty of nature and get in touch with your inner self and maim and kill fish." - Dave Barry
"One time, my nephew asked me to take him to Disneyland.  We got in the car, but instead of Disneyland, I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse, and I told him that Disneyland burned down.  He cried and cried, but deep down, I think he thought it was a pretty good joke, too." - Jack Handey
"I've got a battle going on in my head between someone who's wildly hysterical and someone who's just mildly hysterical." -The Cure's Robert Smith
"When a young child asks me why it is raining, I like to reply 'God is crying.'  When that child asks why, I like to say 'Probably because of something you did.'" -Jack Handey
"Scully, you never draw my bath." -Fox Mulder on "X-Files"
"Her name is Bambi?" -Dana Scully on "X-Files"
"If something is hard to do, it's just not worth doing." -Homer Simpson
"Good taste prevents me from using these travesties of literary justice." -Steve Havelka
"Have you ever danced with the devil in a pale moonlight?  I ask this of all my prey." -The Joker in "Batman"
When confronted with a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question 'How would the Lone Ranger handle this?'
Duct Tape is like the Force.  It has a light side and a dark side and it binds the universe together.
"Don't say 'ensuing.'" -Max in "Sam and Max Hit the Road"
"What the hell happened to your head?  Did you get it caught in something?" -Mr. Cromley, reffering to Ben Simko's braided hair
"An Angel does not make Love.  An Angel is Love." -"Barbarella"
"High School is kinda puky." -Max Julian Muller III
"Is your car a stick or a shift?" -Jessica Rogers
"If my Miss Manners serves me right, that protrusion from his left cornea is a salad fork." -Mulder on "The X-Files"
"Don't look away while using the paper cutter." -Wasim Rahman
"Gandhi said, 'An eye for an eye makes the whole world go blind.'  That sounded really cool to me when I thought about it." -Paul Bastian
"Girls just wanna have fun, and atoms just wanna be stable." -Nolan Lienhart
"If high school is supposed to be the best time of our whole lives, then I'm in a whole bunch of trouble." -Laura Doak
"Did you hear the one about the guy who was too poor to get personalized plates so he changed his name to J3L2404?" -Police Officer Marge Gunderson in "Fargo"
"It's hard to rely on my good intentions when my head's full of things that I can't mention." -Toad the Wet Sprocket
"I never thought that being obnoxious would get me where I am now." -Green Day's Billy Joe Armstrong
"Life is not Moon June Spoon, it's more like CRASH BANG BOOM..." -Spot in "Moon June Spoon"
"I guess I just suck.  I was trying to win.  Really, I was." -Greg Ferguson, regarding his all-time Yahtzee Low Score of 115
Mommy: "You mean just because somebody gives you a joint, you smoke it?" Daddy: "Sure.  Why not?"
"Well, of course I've been in bed with several women at once.  I am a rock star, after all." -Sting
"Most people don't know what they want, but they're pretty sure they don't have it." -Pogo
"Being redundant is my job!  My job!  Being redundant is my job!" -"The Simpsons"
"The sun's a star?" -Tami Fitzpatrick, Grant High School Rose Festival Princess 1996
"It's 106 miles to Chicago. We have a full tank of gas, half a packet of cigarettes, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses." "Hit it." -"The Blues Brothers"
"You'll notice that I am preoccupied with sex.  That's because I'm 74 years old.  I figure if I'm going to die soon, I might as well talk about an interesting subject." -Walter Matthau
"We're on a mission from God." -"The Blues Brothers"
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you might miss it." -Ferris Beuller
"Oh not this again. We've been over this. Lance Hunt wears glasses. Captain Amazing doesn't. How would he see?" -The Shoveller in "Mystery Men"
"Oh, thrice and four times happy, those who plant cabbages!" -Rabelais
"I do not take drugs, I am drugs." -Salvador Dali
"It is better to waste one's youth than to do nothing at all with it." -Georges Courteline
"Things are more like they are now than they have ever been before." -Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Buy Goo." -2nd Avenue subway grafitti
"Help! I'm trapped in a pre-galactic civilization!" -grafitti
"You fool! You've committed one of the classic blunders! The first is never get involved in a land war in Asia. Only slightly lesser well-known is this: Never go in with a Cicilian when death is on the line!" -the Cicilian in "the Princess Bride."
"This bizarre orange beverage is mine and mine alone." -Steve Havelka
"I can only hope your personal magnetism doesn't erase my hard drive." -Alice in "Dilbert"
"I keep finding strange little signs that I may not be the only person in the world." -Ashleigh Brilliant
"All I want is a warm bed and a kind word, and unlimited power." -Ashleigh Brilliant
"Honk if parts fall off." -VW Bumper Sticker
"Oh what a misfortune, to be without testicles!" -Voltaire
"Even ninjas need love." -Anonymous
"Paranoia is just reality on a finer scale." -Filo in Strange Days
"He chose poorly." -The old knight in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"
"Portland's just like Seattle was before it got fucked." -The bass player in P.U.S.A.
"No way! Most of our parents were married!" -Argus Hamilton of Los Angeles, commenting on a federal survey showing that California leads the nation in illiteracy.
"The last time I checked, the Constitution said '… of the people, by the people, and for the people.' That's what the Declaration of Independence says." -President Clinton (the phrase is from the Gettysburg Address).
"What is it about me that just makes me go 'huh?'" -Jill
"Nothing like killing a couple of guys before lunch." -Gary Sinise, during the filming of "Ransom"
"God." -Dennis Hopper, when asked which historical figure he most identifies with.
"I'm a mawg. Half-man, half-dog. I'm my own best friend." -Barf in "Spaceballs"
"I'm like Ghandi, but I eat." -Kevin Covey
"Jill, you're as threatening as a gummi bear." -Jill's manager
"The wave of the future is goodbye." -Jorah's friend
"Can I get a bean burrito without the beans?" -some girl at Taco Bell